Hahahahaha Her Royal Highness the Princess is so courageous
Then do as you say
Anyway, how can Baoer beat it?
Aunt princess, he is lucky
Here we go. Here we go.
Yes good girl you
Parents' heads are big
Died like this
It's such a pity.
You elephants have an old saying called
No one is really a hero
I advise you to kneel down obediently and admit defeat to me
Maybe I can give you a way out
You can also serve our body well, Your Highness
I can also give you a way out
If you kneel down now and admit defeat
Maybe I can save you a jazz
Oops, toast, don't eat and drink
Wow
The strange warrior is looking for some iron knives to roll meat
And when your eldest princess sees a woman
Say kill our warriors
It's your concubine's unstable plate
This eldest princess fruit is really an embroidered pillow
Now I, Daxia, and Li Lan are going to have a big pocket.
Fitness for me
The winner is yet to come
Why are we sighing here?
Emperor of the Mountains
Don't kid yourself anymore
Admit defeat early
You Changgou Master can still save your breath and survive